really
some shepherds said to each other
let's go then until January
and let's see what happened
and what the Lord has shown us
Dear brothers and sisters
it's Christmas again
two thousand years ago an angel appeared to announce a great
joy to the poor nativity shepherds
the night was filled with light
while the angels announced in heaven the glory of God
and on earth the peace of men who believe in love
the hardness of the story we live
try to press our heart
with an iron breastplate
to end life
but how to resist the temptation to believe in the ad
that really God has entered the world
that there is hope also for us
as the shepherds ran in the night towards the grotto
so too we
in spite of everything
we are seekers of joy
maybe we lack the simplicity of the shepherds
but the craving of the heart
and the need for light
they are the same
also to us the event has been announced to change this
we too must walk to nativity scene
to find an answer to the problems that drag our soul
the torments that today more brutally annoy society are of order
economic
all of a sudden we are threatened by a safety wind
that shakes the foundations of every illusion of self-sufficiency
the materialistic society
he discovers with horror his deepest fragility
be poor or be able to be
it becomes for all there is a real possibility
all this is just the outer sign
and a deeper poverty gisela
we also discovered ourselves as shepherds in the night
for the Franciscans who live in holy land
the pilgrimage to nativity scene on Christmas night
It is a dearest and precious tradition
but this year more than ever
we are sure that we are not the only ones looking for the child
many pilgrims will be with us
that together with the Bethlehem Christians of the Holy Land
will join our businesses
the voice of the shepherds resounds
that invites you to get on the road
let's go to Bethlehem
I'm sure an unfinite crowd of invisible pilgrims
the mysterious ways of the spirit
will be launched with us to seek joy
together we will find the helpless child
in the cold of the grotto
he is not afraid of being poor
because it brings us the love of God
In Christmas
especially for this holy land
suffered and torn
personally sage that can renew the world
benito everyone knows
with a simple heart
the encounter with the child Jesus erase at all levels
there is still hope for all
from Bethlehem
fraternal wish of a holy Christmas
cambic workshop tic savannah
land custodian
percent